What are you talking about?
Brother Hao, don't listen to his nonsense
How can I say such shameless words?
You Yuan Qingling
That's all you can say
How dare you hit me?
It's what you do
That's what he said.
You shameless adulterers
You deserve to talk to me about shame?
I'm tired of it.
Pinch, if you dare to hurt me
I promise none of the three of us will survive
I risked my life to play with you
No matter what the emperor decides
He put all the wisteria
At that time, the Supreme Emperor was in allergic shock
Almost died
If you are really filial
I should let your white lotus flower stay away from Xiao Yun Palace
Brother Hao, don't listen to his nonsense
How could I harm the emperor's grandfather?
Obviously he couldn't murder
Also looking for opportunities to provoke
I want to find the royal family
You said it wasn't you.
Do you dare to swear?
Five yuan to clear zero and swear to God
If I have a trace of the heart to harm the Supreme Emperor
The slightest act of murdering the Supreme Emperor
I will hit the five thunder tripods
Can you swear?
Enough, seventh brother is waiting for you
You go first
No you can't go
shut up
Don't think this king will believe you if you make trouble
So much for wisteria
If you dare to mess around again
Good old Wang, if you protect him
Just shut up
But please play to the emperor as soon as possible
Allow us to be reasonable
Otherwise
I've been pestering Chu Ming wrong
When he never dies
If this king refuses to forgive you
The corpse itself is good
Let go, you think this king wants to touch you